Park street.
Taliganj.
Dum Dum.
Please don't touch any unidentified objects.
Please inform the Metro Police on finding..
..any unidentified object.
Station Taliganj...
The doors are closing.
Hello.
Yes, I am on the train.
Which bag?
Next station.. - Speak louder.
Hello.
Platform on the right hand side.
Next station Rabindra Sadan.
Why is she crying so much?
She's hungry. - Why don't you feed her?
I forgot her feeding bottle at home.
Yesterday I bought a new game, Call Of Duty: Black Ops.
What a game.
Great graphics.
Look, there's Kushal.
Let's see what he has brought in the bag today.
Kushal, why are you so scared.
Give it. Give the bag.
Why are you scared?
What are you hiding in your bag?
Is it something special?
Why are you scared?
What are you hiding in your bag?
Give the bag. Give the bag.
I will go back home.
Come on.
Come on, let's go.
Show me the bag.
Hey, you left your bag behind.
The feeding bottle is right here.
Don't push.
More than 100 are expected to be dead..
..in Kolkata Metro Rail due to the deadly gas attack.
Its believed that a terrorist group..
..is behind this attack.
Abir, come and have a look at this.
The Metro. What has happened?
When did this happen?
Even on the third day passengers..
..are hesitating to travel by the Metro.
The relatives of those..
..who died in the gas attack staged a rally in Kolkata today.
And requested the government..
..to find out who is behind this attack.
Madam.
Madam. Madam. Come with me.
Madam... this way...
Who are you?
What do you want? - Move, move.
What is going on?
I don't want anything. - Move, move.
No, thank you.
Taxi private.
Madam. - Don't touch the bag.
Get lost.
You shouldn't lift heavy objects in such a condition.
I don't want to go anywhere, thank you.
Let me, let me. - Leave it.
I have a kid too.
I've taken the luggage.
Let me, madam. Please.
Move aside. Move. - Please.
Madam, please come with me.
Please come.. - Please move.
Move aside. Leave.
Don't mind, madam.
But can I ask you something?
I have been driving a taxi for the past 15 years.
Every customer either goes home or to the hotel..
..from the airport.
You are the first customer..
..who is directly going to the police station.
Get the tea quickly.
Press any key.
It's coming, it's coming, it's coming.
Here it is. - It's here.
Finally, it's here. - Its gone again.
What happened now?
That's what his wife must be saying every night.
Sign here.
"Can't live without you."
"Without you..."
"...there's no peace."
"I feel out of breath."
Madam, here's the police station.
How much?
Here's your bag.
Madam, this is my number.
If you ever need a taxi, call me. - Thank you.
Where do I go to file a missing person's report?
Yes, you go.. I...
Just go straight..
I mean, it's just straight ahead. - Thank you
Ma'am, ma'am, shall I carry this? - Thanks.
It's okay.
My husband is missing.
Are you from out of town? - London.
You arrived just now? - Yes.
Madam.
We will need some details.
Actually, a month ago.. - Tea.
Will you have tea? - No.
Yes, go ahead.
He came to Kolkata a month ago.
He had a two week assignment..
..in the National Data Centre. - Okay.
First two weeks we would talk every day.
Then he suddenly stopped calling.
No messages or anything.
And I didn't know what to do.
So I came here directly.
I.. - Tell me slowly.
Doesn't my time have any value?
Speak softly, mister.
Speak softly and I will hear you too.
Your name.
Vidya Bagchi.
Bidya Bagchi.
No, it's Vidya. With a V.
Madam, in Kolkata Vidya, Bidya are all the same.
Isn't it, Rana? - What?
Vidya, Bidya are all the same, isn't it?
Your husband's name?
Arnab. - Bagchi?
Arnab..
It's bothering me. Stop this thing.
Sorry.
And age? - 33.
Complexion. - Wheatish.
Height? - A little taller than that.
5'11?
Do you have a photograph? - Yes.
Doesn't my case have any value?
Doesn't my case have any value? - Softly. Softly.
What softly? - You will speak softly..
..or else I will throw you out.
He is listening to what you are saying.
Love marriage.
Is this a year old? - No, two years.
Don't you have a latest one?
No...Arnab didn't like to get his pictures taken.
'Isn't it enough that we runaway and got married?'
'Now we have to get a picture taken as well.'
'Come here. Otherwise what's the evidence that you married me?'
It was the day we got married..
..so I forced him to get our picture taken. - I see.
What does your husband do?
We both were software engineers.
Firewall experts. - Firewall..
We make programs to save computers from virus attacks.
Like, the police...protects the public.
Right?
Get this done quickly.
Arnab was supposed to come to London..
..after the assignment, but he didn't.
He suddenly disappeared. - Disappeared?
Yes, I mean no messages, no calls.
And Arnab isn't like that.
Where was he staying here?
Yes.
Mona Lisa, 172A - Sarat Bose Road.
The place where he worked..
..what did you say the name.. - National Data Centre.
Yes. - But they said that..
..Arnab never came there for any assignment.
He did, I know.
We talked every day.
He would call me a thousand times in a day..
..and I would scold him.
So that he doesn't spend his entire earning on the phone bill.
But I don't know why they are lying.
The case is slightly complicated.
I will do my best.
It will be done.
It will take some time.
I will get it done.
Madam, you will need to sign this.
Sign, sign.
Why are you after that thing?
Leave it.
May I help?
You? - Oh yes, you are a computer..
Take a look.
You don't pay any..
You just needed to clear some memory.
You won't face any problem now.
Are you satisfied now?
Now, madam, you just need to sign..
..and you're free to go.
What happened, madam?
Sit, sit.
Would you like some water?
Will you call a taxi for me, please? - Why, Taxi?
Rana will drop you.
Rana, go drop her. Go.
Come.
How much further? - Its close-by.
Are you feeling better now?
Is this your first visit to Kolkata? - Yes.
Entire Kolkata is getting ready for the Puja (veneration), right.
So you know about 'Durga Puja'?
My husband's a Bengali, so I will know that much.
By the way, your name..
..is also a very common Bengali name.
Vidya. - I know.
Courtesy Mr. Chatterjee.
By the way, why do they call you Rana?
Your name.. The nametag reads Satyaki.
In Kolkata everyone has two names.
One is 'Dak' name, which is pet name..
..like mine is Rana.
And the other is 'Bhalo' name, official name.
Satyaki.
But everyone addresses me by my pet name.
Interesting. Two names of the same person.
Two identities.
Satyaki. Arjun's charioteer.
Guesthouse?
Is the hotel here?
Mrs. Bagchi, this doesn't seem like a hotel.
Are you sure this is the place?
That's the address.
Why would your husband stay here?
I don't know.
Come.
Coming.
Good evening. Are you the manager here?
Yes.
Yes?
I am Vidya Bagchi. I had called you from London..
..about my husband Arnab. - Yes, yes.
Arnab Bagchi.
Your Majesty, you.. - Look, I am not a queen.
You can call me Vidya.
Bidya madam, when you called from London..
..I told you that your husband wasn't staying here.
The situation is still the same.
Arnab.. - You've been saying that all the while..
..and that's exactly why I came here.
I know this because he would talk to me everyday..
..from right here.
Sir, please explain to her.. - Wait, wait.
Mrs. Bagchi, maybe there's a confusion.
There's absolutely no confusion.
Arnab was staying here.
This man is lying.
Show me your records.
Register. Get the register.
This.
Are these your records? - Yes.
Don't you have a computer?
Computer?
Madam, only 5-star hotels have computers.
This is a guesthouse.
0-star.
Arnab stayed here and I can prove that.
If you walk towards the lift..
..there's a peacock statue there.
Arnab used to say that..
.."The peacock of Tamil Nadu has followed me here too".
Which way is the lift? - That way.
Is it or not? - There is.
Then? - There's a peacock.
Please. - But your husband isn't here.
I mean, he wasn't.
Are you joking with me?
The peacock's really there.
But how do you know? - Exactly.
If Arnab didn't tell me about it, then how do I know?
I don't know why everyone's lying.
What, sir?
Talk to me.
Arnab wasn't staying here, right?
But I will.
I will stay in room no.15.
Mrs. Bagchi, are you sure.
I am absolutely sure.
Will you give me the key?
Sign here.
Here?
'Why are you standing at the door?'
'You took so long.'
'I've been waiting for so long..
..even your phone was unreachable.'
'And what if I hadn't returned?'
'Then I would've waited right here.'
It started raining heavily. - Business is down.
Absolutely.
Exactly.
Right.
Your.. No.
Good morning, Bidya madam. - Its Vidya, not Bidya.
V, not B. - Whatever you say, Bidya madam.
There's no hot water in the room. - I know.
You.. You know.
Then why did you put up a board saying 'Running hot-water'.
That?
I tell you.
Bishnu. Bishnu.
Come here. Come here.
Come.
Madam, he's Bishnu.
If you want hot water then call Bishnu.
He will come running with the hot water.
Running hot water is Bishnu.
Okay, how to travel to Camel Street?
You will get a bus, or a taxi outside
Bishnu, show madam. - Come, sister.
What is that? - Don't ask for that.
That's his radio. His life.
He will never give it.
Come on.
You called me sister, didn't you?
So then you're my brother.
Give me a five, brother.
Good morning, sir. - Good morning.
Please call Mrs. Bagchi.
Madam left for Camac street.
Hi. I am here to meet Agnes D'mello.
Do you have an appointment? - Yes.
Your name, madam. - Vidya Bagchi.
Bidya Bagchi.
Oh, God.
Nothing.
Bidya Bagchi.
Darling, I told you this when I called from London.
Your husband didn't come to my company..
..for any assignment.
I am the HR manager.
I approve every assignment.
And I didn't sanction any assignment..
..for any Arnab Bagchi.
Arnab.
No. He didn't come here. - He did.
I sent him.
'I don't want to go to Kolkata.'
'I am on a holiday.'
'It's just a question of two weeks, I'll be okay.'
'Crying like a child.'
'You are actually packing my bag.'
'Baby, please. They will find someone else.'
'And I will stay right here and look after you.'
'Cooking, washing.'
'That's what I am afraid of.'
'I will be okay, go.'
Please help me.
I don't know what to do.
Ma'am.
Yes. - There's a police officer who wants to see you.
Me?
Bye. - Bye.
Poor girl.
Mrs. Bagchi. This way.
Show it.
Let it be.
Mrs. Bagchi.
That wasn't Arnab.
Mrs. Bagchi, doesn't Arnab have any relatives in Kolkata?
Uncle or anyone?
He has an uncle.
He stays in Thakurpukur.
That's the one...
Meaning.
Arnab's school.
Kalagachhia Kailash Kamini High School.
I see. - I have heard lot of stories about it.
Rana.
That means uncle's house must be close-by.
Maybe. Let's go that way.
Rana. I should've worn a sari, right?
Just hold this. - Sari.
You wear a sari as well.
Do you have one?
Don't worry, Mrs. Bagchi. You are looking nice.
Come.
I am meeting them for the first time. - I know
Arnab Bagchi. - No.
Then, does any other Bagchi family live around here?
Look, madam. We've been living here for the past 30 years.
But we never heard of any Bagchi family..
..or any Arnab Bagchi.
Thank you.
Who is Arnab Bagchi? - Thank you.
Can you come in, please?
What happened? Been punished?
What is this? - This is a flying swan.
I see, that's a flying swan. - Yes.
It looks more like a dead duck to me.
Okay, see you.
No, dear. There was no Arnab Bagchi that year.
Why can't I access Milan Damji's record?
Its showing me "Restricted" each time.
Madam, I will need Mr. Tyagi's permission to unlock it
Where is Tyagi? - He's on leave today.
Coming, mother.
Hello.
Agnes. - Yes.
Hi. - Can you meet me tomorrow?
Of course. - At 3 o'clock.
Where? - There's a restaurant at Park Street.
Mocambo. - Mocambo.
See you. - Take care.
Bye.
Bishnu.
Bishnu! - Coming, sister.
Hey you...where are you?
Watch it. - Move aside.
Here you go.
Radio.
Kalighat.
Just a minute.
Rana. Call from the airport.
Hello.
Better explain that Bidya Bagchi.
Yes, yes, yes.
That Arnab or whoever..
He got her pregnant and ran away.
That's often the case.
Hello.
Tell her not to waste time here in this condition..
..and return to London.
Oh, so you checked.
I have been thinking about it for the past 30 years.
But he ran away in 2 years. - I see.
Sorry, will you say it again.
Would you like a cup of tea, sir? - No, its fine.
Thank you.
Hi.
Mr. Das. - Good morning, madam.
Good afternoon, Mr. Das. - Whatever you say, madam.
Good afternoon, Rana. - Good afternoon.
Radio.
Are you going anywhere? - To meet Agnes.
I will drop you there.
I won't need your chariot today, Satyaki.
My taxi is waiting.
Okay.
Mrs. Bagchi, we checked..
..with Kolkata and London's immigration departments.
The date that you told us..
..no Arnab Bagchi left from London..
..or arrived in Kolkata.
Then surely there's a mistake in the system.
We double-checked it.
Triple-checked it.
That's the truth.
Thank you.
Yesterday after you left..
..I took a close look at the photo.
And you know what.
Your husband's face resembles..
..an ex-employ of ours.
Milan Damji. - Who?
Milan Damji.
Two years ago he left office.
He was a funny one.
He would stay silent.
He joined suddenly and even left suddenly.
His blood group was funny as well.
Bombay blood group.
I clearly remember the day he left the company.
A lot of people came looking for him.
He disappeared.
Poof.
But what is the connection with Arnab?
Two years ago he was in London.
Milan Damji looks just like Arnab.
That's why yesterday I tried..
..to get the file from the computer.
But it would always show me the same message..
.."Restricted. Restricted. Restricted".
God knows how to operate these computers.
Today when Tyagi returns.. - Tyagi?
Tyagi here.
Who wants Milan Damji's records?
If I can't access the computer..
..then the employ records are in the old office.
Maybe there's a photo in that.
Agnes, thank you.
But after seeing Milan's photo..
Just see Milan Damji's photo once.
Then decide on it.
Bob.
Bob. You can't do anything.
The figures are so bad.
You can't get a single life insurance client.
If this goes on then soon you will be fired from this job.
For God's sake, switch off the phone..
..and concentrate on your targets.
Client, sir. - Disgusting.
Yes. - Hello.
Hello.
Agnes D'Mello. - Yes.
Just a minute
Oh, it was a wig.
Good morning, sir.
Sir, he's in a meeting.
Gentlemen, we've to ensure that we do this.
Excuse me.
I've to go to Kolkata today, right now. - Why?
No smoking inside the building, Khan. - I know.
Someone shot NDC's HR manager. - So.
That's the local police station's case.
Why do you have to go to Kolkata for that?
She was trying to access Milan's record.
What other information do you have?
There's a pregnant lady, from London.
Vidya Bagchi.
Listen, on the sixth day.. - I need this room empty..
..for a while.
Everyone go out.
What?
Didn't you hear?
I need this room empty. - Who are you?
What is your name?
Get out. - What the.. Khan.
That's my name What the.. Khan.
Anything else?
No, sir.
Call Vidya Bagchi. - Yes.
I want her here in 10 minutes.
Okay, sir.
Tell me.
I am a pregnant woman, sir.
You shouldn't be smoking in front of me.
Mrs. Bagchi, we don't know much about each other.
So leave it to me about what I should or shouldn't do.
Let's come to the point.
Tell me.
How are you related to Agnes?
My husband Arnab Bagchi is missing.
What happened?
Why is everyone outside?
That Vidya Bagchi, it's a big problem. - Really?
Yes. - What are you saying?
Mrs. Bagchi.
What is going on?
Look.. - Who are you?
Look, I am talking to her. - Out.
But who are you? - Out.
Close the door behind you.
Out!
Yes, so what were you saying?
Who is he?
Arnab's face resembles her ex-employ Milan Damji.
And Agnes.. - There was never an employee..
..called Milan there.
I feel Agnes doesn't know anything.
Are you sure?
Because I remember correctly..
..that Agnes said Milan Damji.
Mrs. Bagchi, I know more about NDC..
..than you and Agnes.
2000 employees work there, understand?
I am quite sure.
Yes, she also said that..
..when she tried to access Milan Damji's record..
..she was getting "Restricted".. - You aren't listening to me.
Are you listening?
There was no one called Milan. - No, it's just that..
..I am sure Agnes said Milan.
..what I am saying?
Do you understand..
You are still stuck on Milan.
Don't you understand what I am saying?
"Milan. Milan. Milan."
Out!
Look, I..
Mrs. Bagchi. Look here.
I am giving you a free advice, although I don't.
Get over with whatever you came here to do..
..and leave for London.
That will be best for you in this condition.
Do you understand?
Mr. Khan.
We don't know each other..
..so leave it to me about what I should or shouldn't do.
And anyway, you don't give free advices, don't you?
That's good.
You shouldn't either.
Quiet.
Sir, sorry.
Take all this inside.
Mrs. Bagchi, I will drop you.
Come.
No, no, no. No need to worry, sir.
It's a simple case.
Actually.
Agnes confused her husband with Milan.
That Vidya Bagchi.
Her husband got her pregnant and disappeared.
No, no, it's completely harmless.
I will get her background checked.
Don't worry at all.
Don't waste time on that pregnant woman, Khan.
Tell me about Milan.
Give me Captain Bajpayee.
Yes.
For God's sake get a mobile, Bajpayee. - Why?
Why do I need a mobile?
I stay at home the entire day.
When...can you come to the office? - Why?
I needed to discuss something important with you..
..about Milan Damji.
Hello.
Bajpayee. - I am right here, go on.
Can you come to the office? - No.
Rana. If I address someone by his first name..
..then what does it mean?
That you know him really well.
'There's no one called Milan there.'
'Actually there is no Milan.'
'Milan. Milan. Milan.'
According to Khan, Milan Damji is someone..
..who doesn't exist at all.
Yet, he said Milan instead of Milan Damji.
Why?
I am going to NDC.
If I find out anything, I will call you.
No, sir. There is no Milan Damji in our records.
How long have you been working here? - Sir, 1 years.
And you never heard the name of Milan Damji? - No, sir.
Sapna, do you..
You?
Sir, he was inquiring about Agnes D'Mello's murder case.
Do you have any authorization?
I am standing right behind you?
Whose name is Rana?
Sir. I am Rana.
Why did you go there?
With whose permission?
Without any permission, or a warrant.
To hell with the warrant, first tell me..
Why do you have to conduct a local investigation..
..when this is a IB case?
Next time if I see you following up..
..without my permission.
Then you will be telling the traffic police..
..about the traffic from the control room, understand.
No, sir, actually.. - Did I ask you? Did I ask you?
Will you work for the traffic control?
Do you want to work for the traffic control?
Out.
Who else?
Do you? Out.
What?
Didn't you understand what I said?
Out.
How long have you been doing service? - Six months, sir.
Do you love your job?
Do you want to keep working? - Yes, sir.
Here.
Mrs. Bagchi, I think Khan sir is right.
Agnes must be confused with someone.
See, NDC has at least 2000 employees.. - Exactly, Rana.
2000 employees work in NDC..
..so why did Agnes take Milan Damji's name?
She wasn't wrong?
And you know, Agnes never said anything..
..until she hadn't seen Arnab's photo properly.
What happened?
Why are those women wearing such a sari? - Them?
The red and white sari.
They wear it on any auspicious day.
But why?
'White sari with red border?'
'Why should I wear that?'
'Why? Why?'
'It's traditional.'
'Everyone wears that on the last day of Durga Puja.'
'Everyone, even men?'
'I will surely get one when I go to Kolkata, Mrs. Bagchi.'
'And trust me, even you will look awesome.'
'What?'
Oh, God.
'Mr. Vidya Bagchi, don't bore me.'
'And drop this stupid idea of making me wear a sari.'
'Just go to Kolkata quietly and come back quickly.'
And then I forced him to go to Kolkata.
He's an idiot as well.
He came here.
He had this bad habit of doing whatever I said.
I am completely sure you will find Arnab.
Can I say something, if you don't mind?
That sari, the one that woman was wearing.
The day you find Arnab, you can wear that sari.
That will be the auspicious day for you.
Arnab won't be found so easily.
I will have to look for him.
That's the point, Mrs. Bagchi.
How will we look for him?
Milan Damji does not exist.
He's some story that you believe to be true.
Rana.
Agnes said..
'The employee records are in the old office.'
'There might be a photo in it.'
What are you saying?
How can we barge inside someone's office?
That too, the National Data Centre. - But it's closed down.
Sapna. - Yes, sir.
Do you have hard copies of the old employees?
No, sir. Everything's on the system.
You sure? - Yes, sir.
Sir.
There might be some in the old office.
There's nothing here.
Hello.
Write down, third floor.
Third floor. - 12 R.N. Mukherjee Road.
It's the NDC old office.
There's a file on Milan Damji.. - Who is Milan Damji?
No one. Just do as I say.
Get the file. - Bob.
Client. - Good.
Let's go.
This one.
Oh, God. That's a big lock. I can't do it.
Rana. Open it. - How?
Mrs. Bagchi, I am the police not a thief. - Really?
Open it.
This is great.
The police is breaking and entering himself.
Very good.
There are millions of file here.
How will we find it?
This is not done.
We'll have to look for the HR department.
It's a big thing I got in here.
Meaning?
I will explain that later.
What's written here?
That's Xerox.
This door.
Chief accounts.
Nope.
Rana. H.R.D.
Look there.
If it exists then it must be somewhere here..
..or it doesn't exist.
If Agnes has said it, then it must be here.
DE. DH. DU.
DS. DC. D...DH.
DA.
Mrs. Bagchi, hurry up. Please.
Just a minute, Rana.
Milan Damji.
There was no file on Milan Damji.
Milan Damji exists.
Who is Milan Damji?
Where did you get this paper from?
What difference does that make?
Who is Milan Damji?
Is he your husband?
Take a good look.
Take a look.
No. - He isn't.
Then what difference does it make about who he is.
Forget Milan Damji..
..and I will forget where you got this paper from.
End of matter.
Milan Damji isn't Arnab.
But he does look like Arnab..
..and if something has happened to my husband..
..because of that, then it is very important for me to know..
..who Milan Damji is.
Either you tell me or you leave it to me.
I will find the answer and come back to you.
How will you find out?
I will go out and ask every person.
Even if he's a common man on the streets, the police.
Or the media?
Someone will surely have an answer to this question.
Sit down, Mrs. Bagchi.
Sit down.
Do you know anything about..
..the attack on Kolkata Metro two years ago?
Yes.
Milan Damji was behind that attack.
He's the prime suspect in this case.
Then why doesn't anyone know about Milan Damji.
Milan Damji doesn't exist for the world, that's why.
He didn't exist for me either.
Until the day I was given the task to catch him.
But until then it was too late.
Milan disappeared and so did all his reports.
But how can anyone just disappear?
It can be our agents.
Milan was a government agent.
He betrayed us.
Joined hands with the enemy.
We have been hiding this from the people.
Not just that, there's someone in our system..
..who is helping Milan.
This is a dangerous game, Mrs. Bagchi.
Those who want to keep Milan safe are very powerful people.
They can do anything.
Welcome to Metro Railway.
Hello, madam.
Madam. I am so sorry.
It was a mistake
Are you alright?
I saved you today.
My reflexes.
What if I can't save you tomorrow?
Oh, God. One shouldn't think like that.
You and your child should stay safe.
I will pray to God for that.
Madam.
Madam. Kolkata, dangerous city.
Right?
Anything can happen here at anytime.
I am explaining her for her own good.
Go back.
Go back, madam. Go back.
Very dangerous city, Kolkata.
No.
I don't want to come back.
You can have your bureau, your system.
One project.
Just one project failed.
That doesn't mean we shut down the bureau?
Shut down the system.. - Just one project?
How easily you can say that, Bhaskaran?
"Just one project."
You gave me this assignment, Bhaskaran.
Choose three common people, train them..
..and make them the bureau's best agent.
And what did I do?
I created a monster.
I found two good people..
..but an animal like Milan Damji got trained as well.
And he joined hands with those he had to save us from.
He killed the very civilians I trained him to protect.
We will find Milan, you just come back.
You cannot find Milan, Bhaskaran, that's the point.
I trained him. You cannot find him.
Only fools like you and me can be found..
..who keep ranting "Our system is perfect".
"Law has the upper hand."
"There is no corruption in our system."
"Everything is hunky-dory."
Bhaskaran.
One man helped Milan Damji to flee.
That man is still working in your bureau..
..right under your nose.
The day you find him, that day I will come back.
Rana, three things are possible.
One...Arnab has left me and fled.
Two...Arnab and Milan Damji are the same person.
And third...Arnab looks just like Milan Damji..
..and that's why Arnab's in trouble.
That must have happened.
So you are saying that Arnab's, looks like him and so.. - I am sure.
We will have to find Milan in order to find Arnab.
And the day we find Milan, we will find Arnab.
Mrs. Bagchi, how is that possible?
How will we find someone..
..we don't know anything about? - From his house.
Meaning? - I mean Agnes's file..
..had Milan Damji's residential address.
How much further?
Ten minutes.
Sorry.
It must be somewhere around here?
Which way is Vishambar Malik Lane.
Mrs. Bagchi, this is Vishambar Malik Lane.
Sister, where is number 9. - This one.
This one? - Yes.
This is the one. Come.
Number nine. Come on.
You can climb up, can you? - Yes. Let's go.
Carefully.
I don't know which one it is.
There are no numbers.
Hey...look, it's the police.
What's wrong sir.
Nothing's wrong.
Where is number three?
But it's locked.
Nothing, nothing.
Come.
Here it is. - But it's locked.
I see. Give it.
The police is breaking and entering himself.
You said so.
Wait.
I wonder why anyone needed to lock this place.
There's nothing here.
And even if there was anything..
..then Khan must have taken it away .
Mrs. Bagchi.
Mrs. Bagchi. - Yes.
Let's go from here.
There's nothing here.
Yes, let me take a look.
Mrs. Bagchi, don't do that. - No, no, I am okay.
I will surely find something.
Let's look there.
Did you see, Rana, only flat no.3 didn't have a letter-box?
Who is it?
Was there a letter for no.3? - There is one.
There in no.9.
Just a minute.
Poltu, come here.
Where are you?
Rana, Milan used to order tea from here.
Maybe they might know something.
But how do you know?
You offered me tea in a similar glass in the police station.
'Would you like some tea."
See what they are asking for.
Remember, there were two similar glasses..
..at Milan's house. - Yes.
Now, there was no kitchen in Milan's home, so.. - Sister.
Poltu.
Just a minute.
Are you scared?
He is my friend.
What is your name? - Poltu.
Poltu? Pet name or real name?
Pet name. Real name is Shubroto.
Shubroto, no need to be scared.
So tell me, do you remember anything..
..about the person in flat no.3?
Flat no.3? No.
Anything.
I mean what kind of a person he was.
Short-tempered.
Or would he smile each time you delivered tea.
Would he say something? - No, he wouldn't say anything, but..
He would order only one type of tea.
And sometimes a second person would come to meet him.
That's when he would order two teas.
Yes, there was someone.
Who was the other person?
He would always carry a suitcase.
And the edges were like gold.
Suitcase?
This big. - Briefcase.
Oh, you look so handsome when you smile, Shubroto.
You can win any child's heart so easily.
I am completely sure. - What?
That you will be a great mother.
What is this?
Donation bills. Nonsense.
He said there's a letter from the bank.
But this is a blood bank.
People's blood bank.
Bombay blood group.
Rana, Agnes had said that Milan had a rare blood group.
'Bombay blood group.'
Sir, if any person has a rare blood group..
..then he stores his blood with us.
So that if there's an emergency..
..then he can use his blood. - I see.
When was blood required last in this case?
Will you check it and tell us?
Just a wait a minute, I will tell you. - Of course.
There was a requirement for this rare blood group..
..on May 2008, 25th May.
And we received a call from Ekbalpur Nursing Home.
Ekbalpur Nursing Home.
Not a single paper.
No records, nothing.
Must be. It's been erased.
Just like every other records of Milan.
Mrs. Bagchi, this is dead end.
Come on, Satyoki.
There must be something somewhere.
I am not going to accept defeat.
You have always helped me.
I cannot go further without your help, really.
There's one man who can help us.
He was once a police informer.
Sorry.
Come.
Careful. Careful.
Are you fine?
Thank you.
Brother, can you tell me where is Paras.
Brother.
There. There.
Paras.
No. I have no connections with the police now.
But, Paras, we just need a small information.
Look, whether the information is small or big.
I don't give it anymore.
Paras. Please.
Please leave.
If someone spots us then it will mean trouble.
Brother Paras. I am searching for my husband.
I came from London in this condition all alone.
I just need an answer for my child..
..that what happened to his father.
I cannot force you, but...please help us.
Tell me.
Have you heard about Milan Damji? - Who?
Milan Damji. No.
Two years ago, on 25th May..
..Bombay blood group was required in Ekbalpur Nursing Home.
What for?
We just need to find that out.
Can you do that?
Laundry, sister.
I am not laundry sister, I am sister Bidya.
Your transistor is giving chocolate.
Such a big chocolate.
So big.
Hello.
You did disturb me, I am in a important meeting.
In the room with Vishnu.
Really? When?
25th May, 2008.
Two men had a meeting here.
There was news about only two people's death until now.
But it seems like there was a third person as well.
And the blood was ordered from Ekbalpur Nursing Home..
..for this third person.
So, was that third person Milan Damji?
I don't have anymore information.
Paras. Paras.
Just a minute.
You will find the rest of the information..
..at Park Street Police Station or you can find Dr. Ganguly.
That night he was on night duty.
No record.
I remember that it was a police case..
..but I don't remember what exactly it was.
It was two years ago. - Ready, sir.
Yes, I will be there. - Okay.
Give me a day, I will check and tell you.
Thank you. - I need to go, I have a surgery.
Thank you.
Don't worry. - Okay.
Please. - Thank you, thank you.
Thank you very much.
Yes.
Dr. Ganguly? - Yes.
Hello. Bob Biswas.
Hello.
Just a minute.
'I remember that it was a police case.'
Stop it Rana.
The commotion outside and then this.
Mr. Chatterjee. - What?
Hello. - Oh my, God.
Bidya Bagchi.
You arrived at the right time. - Hi, Rana.
You had shut this computer up the other day, didn't you? - Yes.
Do it today as well, please, - Sure.
Otherwise I will go crazy.
Thank you.
I will go meet the senior officer.
Come, come.
Oh, God.
No, no, keep seated.
He can return any moment.
Two people were killed at Nonakpur Tram Depot..
..on the 25th of May.
One was Dinesh Rao..
..who was a police informer in the Metro attack case.
And second..
Second was Vijay Verma who was a government agent.
Government agent?
He's back, he's back.
It's done, sir.
Done, Mr. Chatterjee. - Its, done.
That's nice, very good.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you. - Welcome.
Okay.
What is the matter?
Mr. Chatterjee, may I leave? - Yes.
Bye.
Yes, mother.
I am coming.
Mrs. Bagchi, what are you doing?
Why are you cleaning it yourself?
Wait, I will call the staff? - No. no, no, no.
Come here.
I do the cleaning myself at home.
Sit. I cannot tolerate dust.
Pull a chair.
Speak, Satyoki Sinha.
Mrs. Bagchi, I pursued the information..
..acquired from the database.
There is no mention of a third person in the records
Dr. Ganguly, Milan Damji, Ekbalpur Nursing Home.
No one knows anything about it.
There are records of Vijay and Dinesh.
Vijay Verma was investigating the Metro attack..
..at ground level. - Really?
That's why he met Dinesh Raut at Nonakpur Tram Depot.
Maybe Dinesh wanted to tell Vijay..
..something about Milan.
And someone informed Milan about it.
Milan killed both of them and got injured in the shootout.
But the question is that how did Milan know..
..that Vijay is going to receive information about him?
Maybe Khan was right.
There is someone within the system..
..who is helping Milan.
One more thing.
NDC is also involved in this. - Really?
Mrs. Bagchi, every agent has a local, a fake identity.
Just like Milan Damji..
..even Vijay Verma worked for NDC.
To hide his true identity.
It must be him, take a good look.
No. it wasn't him.
Now, now, take a look. - No, sister.
That wasn't him.
It's not him. - Are you sure?
Sure.
Come, let's take Poltu back.
I was absolutely sure that..
Tyagi knew that Agnes is looking for Milan's details.
And Tyagi stopped you.
Of course. - Sister.
What? - The suitcase.
It was him, sister.
Are you sure? - Sure, it was him.
Who was he? - I don't know.
I suggest that you take Poltu home..
..until then I will find out, okay. - Yes.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Turn around.
Sister. - Yes.
Will you have tea? - No.
Listen, when Rana arrives will you ask him to call me.
The police officer? - Yes.
Okay. - Yes, fine.
Bye.
Sorry.
Rana.
I was waiting for you at the tea-stall for so long..
Blood!
Oh no.
Rana, that's him. He tried to kill me.
Stop. I am the police.
Stop.
Move.
Are you crazy?
Stop. I am the police.
Stop. Stop.
Stop.
Oh, God.
Mrs. Bagchi, Bob Biswas was a contract killer.
This is his phone.
And I have found these photographs from his phone.
Agnes Dmello.
Dr. Ganguly.
And after that...you.
This time you survived.
But the man who hired Bob..
..doesn't want anyone to reach Milan Damji..
I gave this photo to Agnes.
Just a minute.
Look.
I gave a copy of this photo to Agnes.
That means whoever gave Bob the contract is in NDC.
No, no. It means you didn't hear whatever I said until now.
And you don't understand, Mrs. Bagchi.
Your life is in danger.
And I will have to tell Mr. Khan about this.
Did you find out whose briefcase that was? - Mrs. Bagchi..
Who was it?
He is Shridhar.
The head of IT department.
Tyagi reports to him.
Rana, we thought that Tyagi is doing everything.
But Tyagi was only passing the information.
We have no evidence about it.
Come, let's go to the police.
And yes, that phone is a evidence.
Return it.
Phone.
Rana. Rana. Look.
Bob has been sent this message from some website.
So?
Once I hack this website then I will know..
..whose computer these photos were sent from.
What, you..
Are you a hacker? - Only in my spare time.
You do know that I am the police, don't you?
Yes, yes, yes.
Sorry.
This is the IP of the computer..
..from where the photos the photos were sent.
And I am completely sure..
..this is the IP address of that Mr. Briefcase.
And once that is confirmed..
..then we can find Milan Damji. - No, no, no.
Mrs. Bagchi. Mrs. Bagchi.
This matter is very serious now.
And I still say that we should go to the police.
We don't have time, Rana.
Mr. Briefcase will soon find out that Bob is dead..
..and then he will try to erase all the records.
No, Mrs. Bagchi, I.. - Please.
We should.. - We just have to access Shridhar's computer.
After that we will go to the police.
Cross my heart and hope to die.
You think death is a joke, Vidya?
Mrs. Bagchi, I have told you so many times..
..that your life is in danger.
You even witnessed everything with your own eyes.
Even after that you are joking about death.
Maybe because, after Arnab..
..life has become a joke, Rana.
Shall we?
Sapna. - Yes, sir.
You haven't left yet, Sapna.
Sir, the office is closed due to the veneration tomorrow.
So I was completing my work.
It is very good to see someone working so hard.
One day, when I get the time I will take you out.
For coffee. - I would love that, sir.
Bye.
Good evening sir
I am coming, darling.
Good evening, sir. - Good evening.
Why did you keep the visitor's book outside?
Get the employer's book. - Sorry, sir.
Thank you.
Come.
"Some day...somewhere."
"With this vagabond heart..."
It's not opening.
Thank you.
"...we wander around.'
Thanks.
Mrs. Bagchi, quickly do whatever you want to do
Come on, pick up the phone.
Mrs. Bagchi, hurry up please. - Rana, just a minute.
I am almost there.
"With my vagabond heart..."
Mrs. Bagchi, what is happening?
Sapna was right, there are many layers of protection.
It will take a little time.
Mrs. Bagchi, why is it taking you so long to check an IP address?
Rana. Rana. IP address.
It's the same IP address.
Mr. Briefcase. We've nailed him. - Are you sure? - Of course.
Guard! Guard!
Why are you sleeping? Get up. - Yes.
Was someone here with Sapna madam? - A man and a woman.
Oh no. Close all doors.
Don't let anyone go out. - Yes, sir.
Did anyone come down? - No, sir.
Yes, sir. - At the back, where people smoke cigarette..
..is the door open? - Yes, sir.
Come.
We came out at the right time.
Oh no.
Mrs. Bagchi, come quickly.
Hello.
Yes. But he is following yes.
What happened? Who are you calling?
Please come quickly, sir. We need help.
What happened?
I had to call Khan sir. - Khan?
Sorry. Shridhar is right behind us.
What did you take from my computer?
Gun.
Where is my gun?
Come.
Let's go, Mrs. Bagchi.
Rana, bag.
Stop it. - Don't shoot. Don't shoot.
We want this man alive.
No, no, no. this man can't die.
Oh no.
We wanted this man alive.
Why didn't you call me earlier?
How will we catch Milan now?
How will we catch Milan without him?
Take him to the hospital.
Rana works for me.
Mrs. Bagchi, do you remember what I said.
We've been looking for Milan for the past two years
And we had this last option to find him.
You. You could do what we couldn't.
But you ruined the entire plan.
Actually, Mrs. Bagchi, there's someone in the organization..
..who is helping Milan.
Mr. Khan couldn't reopen the case himself.
So he asked for my help.
..so that we can find Milan through you.
'Do you love your job? - Yes, sir.'
'From today you will work for me.'
Why me?
Because no one's scared of a pregnant woman.
Especially, when her husband has run away.
No one would've doubted.
But, Mrs. Bagchi, only because of you..
..we could find out that Milan is responsible for Vijay's death too.
And we could reach Shridhar only because of you, Mrs. Bagchi.
You...were using me. - Yes.
Your case was revived only because of me..
..because Arnab looks just like Milan.
But we don't have time for.. - And Agnes?
Dr. Ganguly? - Collateral damage.
One needs to make small sacrifices in big battles..
..what's the big deal?
And me? My child?
Nothing would've happened to you.
I wouldn't have allowed it.
I took up this assignment only because of you.
Mrs. Bagchi, we wanted Shridhar alive.
He was the only one who could've lead us..
..to the man who is helping Milan from within the system.
Listen to me carefully.
We have one last option.
You have hacked Shridhar's computer.
Do it again. We might find a clue.
Why should I help you?
I am not asking for your help, Mrs. Bagchi.
I am telling you.
Mrs. Bagchi. Mrs. Bagchi.
"Glory to... - Goddess Durga!"
"If no one hears your call... walk alone."
"Walk alone."
"Glory to... - Goddess Durga!"
Bishnu!
"If no one hears your call..."
"Walk alone."
Mr. Khan.
This is the only code that I don't understand.
Rest of the computer is clean.
CXWWEDFXZS.
Is that all you found?
Rana. What happened?
No. I don't know.
What can it be?
Give me your phone, sir.
CXWWEDFXZS.
Sir, I feel this is a mobile number.
This is Bhaskaran's number.
What the..
Mrs. Bagchi. You will have to do one last thing for me.
Mrs. Bagchi.
Are you listening?
Call Bhaskaran.
And lie to him that..
..you found some data about him on Shridhar's computer?
Why should I do that?
Because Bhaskaran is the last resort..
..to find Arnab and Milan.
Mrs. Bagchi.
I was harsh with you every time.
This time it's a request, so..
Please help me.
Mr. Bhaskaran. - Yes.
Who is this?
This is Vidya Bagchi speaking.
Where did you get my number from?
From Shriddhar's computer.
I have found some more papers in your name. - So?
Look, I don't care about who you are or what you do.
I will return all your papers..
..in return I want legal aid to help me find my husband.
Look, I don't know why you are calling me.
I will inform my local office.
Contact him.
Now?
If you want to see your husband alive..
..then wait for my call.
Milan Damji.
Yes, I need a big brown envelope.
Okay.
Hello.
How are you? - Fine.
I had to make a promise.
But before that, this is for you.
Today's the last day of the veneration.
I cannot take this. - No, no, no, Mrs. Bagchi, this..
I still have the receipt.
I wanted to promise you that..
..I will help you in finding Arnab.
And when we find him, I will make him pay for this sari.
This is from Arnab, not me.
I am sorry, Mrs. Bagchi.
I am really very sorry.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Paras Pal.
Yes, Paras.
You were asking about Milan Damji, weren't you?
Yes, did you find out anything?
The news is that he has returned to Kolkata.
Wow. Then Khan sir's plan is working.
Only Milan can come see Vidya.
Bhaskaran doesn't have any other option.
Vidya? - Yes.
As soon as Milan comes to see her, he will be caught.
You want to sacrifice a helpless girl?
No, no, no, this isn't my plan.
This is Khan sir's plan.
And Mrs. Bagchi..
Move.
Call him up. - Sir, sir.
Sir, I am sorry.
Just a minute. - I was saying..
We will have to stop this operation at any cost, sir. - Yes.
If Milan meets Mrs. Bagchi, then her life is in danger.
So? - You didn't understand, sir.
Milan never leaves behind any eye-witness.
He will do the same this time as well.
So, we will try to save your Mrs. Bagchi.
You know, sir.
You know, yet you are.. - Sacrificing her.
This is wrong.
You are intentionally.. - Shut up.
You want to teach me right and wrong.
My job is to protect the country..
..and anything I do for that is right.
If I have to sacrifice Vidya Bagchi to catch Milan Damji..
..then that's right too.
Then what is the difference between us and Milan, sir?
There's no difference.
We do it for the law and he does it against it.
So we are right and he's wrong.
Love is a good thing, Rana.
But learn to use it at the right place.
Meaning?
Your love that's telling you "Go tell Vidya Bagchi about Khan".
That's wrong.
This way you can save only one life..
..but what about thousands of lives that Milan will take?
I wasn't going to tell her, sir, but..
Rajveer, take his mobile.
Don't let him go anywhere.
Not even to the bathroom.
No, sir. Nothing important.
Yes, so what were you saying?
Sister Bidya.
Keep it.
Sister.
You are Sharma, aren't you? - Yes, why?
Khan sir is calling you.
Where? - In the AC.. OC chamber.
You go.
And he has asked me to sit here.
I will keep a watch on him.
Rana. Go.
Go, go. - What about you?
I will handle it here. Go. - Thank you, Chatterjee.
Rana. - Yes.
Where are you going? - I'll be right back.
Hello.
Triangular Park.
Triangular Park. Triangular Park.
Get lost.
Sir, where is Rana? - To hell with him.
Come on. - Okay, sir.
Rajveer, follow us.
Come on, hurry up.
Come on, come on, hurry up.
Where is Mrs. Bagchi?
She paid her dues and left.
Where did she go? - Sister went to Triangular Park.
Triangular Park.
Mrs. Bagchi.
Take a left from here, Mrs. Bagchi.
Where are the files? - Who are you?
What difference does it make?
Files.
Milan Damji...who was just a story until now.
I have very little time, Mrs. Bagchi.
If you want your husband back... Files.
If I return the papers then..
..will you return me my husband? - Yes.
Files.
Can you return him?
Think about it.
Who are you?
What difference does it make?
Mrs. Bagchi. Mrs. Bagchi.
Catch her.
Check him. Check him.
Catch her. She's wearing a white sari.
I said she's wearing a white sari.
Are you blind?
Who was Mrs. Bagchi?
Vidya Bagchi was a story, sir? - Meaning?
Where is Mrs. Bagchi?
'Sister went to Triangular Park.'
'Triangular Park.'
'This is a flying swan.'
'Where did you find this uniform?'
'This? It's my school uniform.'
'Back when I lived in Thakurpukur.'
'Any uncle. Anyone.'
'He has an uncle, who lives in Thakurpukur.'
'Did you ever tell sister Vidya about this?'
'Yes, when we met for the first time.'
'I have heard many stories about it.'
Check her hotel room and her finger prints.
It's of no use, sir.
'Why are you cleaning it yourself?'
What?
'Just one sign and then you can leave.'
'Sign here. - Here.'
And her husband, Arnab?
Oh, so you haven't understood yet, sir.
What?
'In the beginning, you told her a story.'
'There was never anyone called Milan.'
Yes, so?
And even she told us a story.
'My husband is missing.'
'Arnab Bagchi didn't stay here.' - 'No, dear.'
'He didn't leave London or land in Kolkata.'
Milan was for real, sir.
But there is no Vidya Bagchi nor Arnab..
..who looks like Milan.
'Arnab didn't like to get his picture taken.'
'Until Agnes didn't see Arnab's photo properly.'
'And the day we find Milan, we will find Arnab.'
What the..
That means until now.. - Correct.
She kept using us.
Sir, it seems like Vidya Bagchi was hired..
..to find and kill Milan Damji.
And she used us to find Milan.
She wanted us to use her as a scapegoat..
..to find Milan Damji.
And before we could arrest Shridhar.
Vidya killed her as well.
Sir, you gave Bhaskaran and Milan to her yourself.
She knew.
'No one doubts a pregnant woman.'
You wanted evidence against Bhaskaran didn't you?
'What did you take from my computer?'
Here it is.
Who is Satyoki?
'Arjun's charioteer.'
That's me, sir.
My name is Satyoki.
But who sent her?
And why did she help us?
Here.
I don't want to go to Kolkata.
Go.
If I go to Kolkata, I'll get it for you too Mrs. Basu.
What?
And what if I don't return.
'Arup.'
'Sorry, we couldn't save your child.'
'Arup took up this assignment only because of me.'
'It's completely my fault.'
Arup must be really happy today, Vidya.
He must be proud of you.
Because today you have accomplished..
..what we all couldn't.
You want to know a strange thing, Colonel.
In the last few days..
..I completely forgot that I am not pregnant.
It felt like...my child is still alive inside me.
It felt like...I might find Arup as well.
I cannot live without them, Colonel.
I want my Arup back.
I want my child back.
'Today, two years later.'
'The family of those killed in the Metro attack..'
'..have finally got an answer.'
'Sometimes even God's make mistakes.'
'Gods created demons.'
'Bestowed them with power.'
'But when they started abusing that power..
..Gods created Goddess Durga.'
'To annihilate the demons.'
'It's said that Goddess Durga..
..was created by gathering the strength of all the Goddess's.'
'Every year the Goddess graces us with her presence.'
'Eliminates evil.'
'And goes back.'
'So that all of us can live happily and peacefully..
..without any fear.'
"If no one hears your call... walk alone."
"Walk alone."
"If everyone stays aloof from you, and no one talks to you."
"If everyone turns their back on you, and everyone fears you."
"Speak your heart alone."
"If no one hears your call... walk alone."
"If you're surrounded by a fog. And the darkness swallows the light."
"When the world bows before a fear."
"Be the light..."
"Be the light...that diminishes darkness."
"Burn alone."
"Be the light...that diminishes darkness. Burn alone."
"If no one hears your call... walk alone."